## Step 7. `sample-lab.json`

This JSON file brings everything together for your Learning Lab. You have created the folder structure, the git repository, the byod.html file and have your images and sample source code in the right folders up to this point. It is time now to link everything together. `sample-lab.json` should be renamed and match the `sample-lab` folder name. So for example if your Learning Lab will be called Cisco-CMX-100, under the labs folder you will have to rename the `sample-lab` folder to Cisco-CMX-100 and also the `sample-lab.json` file contained in this folder to Cisco-CMX-100.json. The contents of the JSON file are explained below:

```
{
  "labId": "sample-lab",
  "title": "This is a sample lab.",
  "slug": "This is sample slug",
  "time": "30",
  "tags": [
    {"title": "Sample"},
    {"title": "Data Center"},
    {"title": "SDN"}
  ],
  "files": [
    {"title": "1.md"},
    {"title": "2.md"},
    {"title": "3.md"}
  ],
  "byod": true,
  "related": [
    {
      "labId": "sample-lab-2",
      "title": "Sample Lab 2 - Sample lab to link to"
    }
  ],
  "authors": [
  	{"name": "John Doe", "email": "johndoe@email.com"}
  ],
  "active": false
}
```
The json key/value pairs are self-explanatory but we will go in a bit more details on the required parameters.

* The `labId` is the ID of the Learning Lab. In the example given above this would be "labId": "Cisco-CMX-100".
* The `title` is the actual title of the lab. In our case this could be "title":"CMX-100: Introductory concepts".
* The `slug` key will contain the description of the lab. For our example it could be "slug":"Learn about Cisco's CMX technologies. An introductory Learning Lab".
* `time` should contain the amount of time that it takes to complete the lab.
* We already have a lot of tags that you can choose from when defining the `tags` values. For consistency please check the already available tags when adding the values for this parameter.
* The `files` key should contain a list of all the md files that comprise the Learning Lab.
* `byod` when set to `true` will incorporate the byod.html file in the lab.
* `related` contains a list of related Learning Labs that you would like to link to on the lab completion page. An example was give on the previous page.
* `authors` should contain the name and the email of the authors of the Learning Lab.
* `active` is a flag that is set to `true` by default. This means that the lab will be active and visible on the Learning Labs platform. Disable labs in the platform by setting it to `false`.
