### BYOD Information
To enable people to complete Learning Labs you can include "bring your own device" information in the lab by including a file called `byod.html` in your directory. Author this content in HTML. This will be displayed as an "accordion" element at the top of your lab. Enable this by setting your lab JSON file property `"byod": true`.

Example file `dmo.json`:
```
{
  "labId": "dmo",
  "files": [
    {"title": "1.md"},
    {"title": "2.md"},
    {"title": "3.md"},
    {"title": "4.md"},
    {"title": "5.md"}
  ],
	"tags": [
		{"title" : "IoT"},
		{"title": "Python"},
		{"title": "Beginner"}
	],
  "byod": true,
	"authors": [
		{"name": "", "email": ""}
	]
}
```

### Related Labs
To display related labs on the completed page, you can reference other labs by adding a JSON array named `related`. You can determine the related lab ID to use by looking at the URL for a
given lab. The lab ID is contained in the path between `labs/` and `step`. Example: `#/labs/cmx/step/1` where cmx is the lab ID.

Example file `apic-em-basic.json`:
```
{
  "labId": "apic-em-basic",
  "files": [
    {"title": "1.md"}
  ],
  "related": [
    {
      "labId": "apic-em",
      "title": "APIC-EM with Python"
    },
    {
      "labId": "apic-hunt",
      "title": "APIC-EM Treasure Hunt"
    }
  ]
}
```

## Code examples
If your lab contains code examples, you should create a git project with your sample code. These examples will be hosted in GitHub, so that we can have lab participants
checkout appropriate tags and work in a read-only mode. You should include commentary in your lab on how to checkout the appropriate step. The [Angular JS tutorial](https://docs.angularjs.org/tutorial/step_00) is a good example of how to do this.

Note: See the example in the `labs/sample-lab` directory.

## Video files
If you'd like to include video files, you can use the HTML5 syntax like this. Since video files can be large, please work with the DevNet team to figure out the best way to add these to
the repository and site.
```
<video poster="posts/files/virl/images/ml.02.png" width="480" height="300" none controls>
<source src="/virl-static/ml.02.mp4" type="video/mp4"> </video>
```
